New to the web feb 22 post (#7427)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/web-platform-02-2022/index.md

---
layout: post
title: "New to the web platform in February"
subhead: >

>   Discover some of the interesting features thatlanded in stable and beta web browsers during February 2022. 

Author: ```suggestion
  Discover some of the interesting features that landed in stable and beta web browsers during February 2022. 
```
